Like it'll be like really fancy alcohol, and then the one at the bottom is like sort of the basic alcohol, like not
very fancy, not very nice. So that's usually how they break it down. So I think it's more of a description of what 
are the like packages and options for alcohol and drink, not necessarily listing them out. I mean, it's nice to 
know a little bit, but just like more of the highlights of the different packages, I think is usually what I'm 
after. Okay. Yes, then the approach in the prompt need to be a bit different. Yeah, then I get a good understanding
about what you want here. So what are the categories for this? So you can have premium. What else? Like, yeah, I 
don't know. I don't know how it is in the United States, like what are the type of packages that you think usually 
appear in the information by these wedding venues? I don't know if it's, you know, the terms they use so that I can
give the AI a list of options that it can choose from. Yeah, like premium. They will also describe like the lowest 
tier is typically for what we call well drinks. Yeah. Well, I wonder if there's like an option or I can find one. 
Let me see. Oh, here's a perfect one. Like deluxe or standard. Ah, yeah. Standard, deluxe. Yeah, they are good 
options. Yeah, so this is actually like a pretty good example. Let me, I'll share real quick. So if you can see 
here actually it's sort of similar. Like this is the, there's deluxe here on the left and then there's standard. 
Now this is a little bit complicated because they're going into like a lot of detail. Yeah. But this is how they 
just sort of break it down in different examples. And then in some cases they will say you can either do a hosted 
bar. Hosted bar means that myself as a person using the wedding venue pays for it. Client charged based on the 
total number of drinks consumed. Hosted bar or a consumption bar. So a consumption or hosted bar means I use the 
wedding venue and I pay for, if everybody has 500 drinks, I pay for 500 drinks. The other option is sometimes 
people will pay ahead of time. So the benefit is if my audience or my guests don't drink a lot, then I only pay for
what they drink. Now some people will decide to prepay for a package and then they'll say, okay, well I don't 
really know how much everyone will drink. Maybe if they drink a lot, then I'm going to prepay the amount and then 
hopefully they drink a lot more and then it doesn't really cost me as much, if that makes sense. Yeah. Okay. No, 
that's fine. Yes, and I go use those options and ask the AI to return one of the options for the venue, right? 
Could it be that they provide, I mean, they could provide multiple options, right? Like in the example you show 
right now, they can have the premium but also standard package. Yeah, so maybe like it is a little bit difficult. 
Like I could say to describe it, it is a little bit difficult because yeah, sometimes there's hosted, then there's 
the cashless, different packages. It's sort of complicated. So maybe that's why I said give me like a summary of 
the options. So and I think maybe the difference is like some of these questions are a summary that's going to be 
present no matter what. And some of these questions are more like sorting. Right. You know, so like I think because
the bar is sort of a complicated thing, I think it's more of a summary question rather than a sorting question. 
Okay. So I think the result should, that's why I was after a result that was more of a summary. Tell me what the 
highlights of the options are rather than trying to put someone in a different like bucket. Right. Okay. Yes. So 
this one doesn't have to be sortable, right? You can just return kind of a summary or text format that people can 
read to get further details. Correct. Okay. So this is clear. So that was a bad breakdown. 

I think there was 
something else about the food breakdown or not. Do we have such a thing? I don't know. I'm ready. Yeah. Yeah, there
was something about the food breakdown, but then it said appetizer, what to say provided for appetizer, what is 
there for the main courses, you know, stuff like that. Or do you need that information at all? I don't know how 
important it is for the user. Is it the menu breakdown? Yeah, there was a menu breakdown. Oh, okay. I think this is
the same thing. Okay. I think it's the same thing as that bar. Okay. Another summary column. Yeah. Yeah, I will try
to return the AI output in a bit more like structured way so that it's a bit readable. But it doesn't have to be 
sorted, these two columns. Okay, I think that was that. Okay, then I will need to make some changes on a few, on 
most of the fields. 

Yeah, another question I have is about which model we will be using. Yeah, I was so surprised 
with how much they charged the GPT 4.5. That was insane, right? Yeah, I know. That was not good. There's no 
material difference between the output, I think. It's so crazy. That was crazy. What do you think is the… So the 
Gemini is like very cheap. Yeah, the Gemini is really cheap and I think it is good too. Yeah. Do you know if it is 
cheaper than 4 mini? I think it is. Okay. You know what? I will still test this out so I can do for all 4 mini and 
Gemini and see how they perform because I will need to change from for a couple of fields. But yeah, definitely not
GPT 4.5. That is way, way too expensive. Yeah, yeah. I mean, I don't mind paying like a little bit extra in this 
case because it's going to stay for… Hopefully it gets really good results and I don't have to redo it again. Yeah.
Or I can wait a while to redo it. So… Yeah. I mean, I compared the output. I think they are… Except the price 
breakdown, I think on other fields, they just seem to have kind of similar or same answer compared to 4 mini. So I 
think the task itself is probably not… It's not like challenging enough to be like so that we have to use like a 
model like GPT 4.5. But I think for some fields like price breakdown, maybe that's when we can use some sort of 
reasoning model because I haven't tried with the O3 mini, but I think for some math problem, maybe model like O3 
would perform better with the price calculation. Yeah, so maybe for that one, I will try the reasoning models. 
Okay. Okay. Yeah, I think O3 mini is also quite cheap as well. But in any case, I will do Gemini as well. Okay, 
yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I mean, at the end of the day, if the difference is $100 or $200, you know, I'd rather have
a very good output because this is the main part of the product. So… Yes. Okay. Yeah. Okay, no, let's try it out 
and then we can compare the output. Okay, cool. I'm glad we had this conversation because I was a little bit… I was
getting confused. I was like, oh, this has to work. Yeah, I think… Yeah, because it's also like easier to get an 
idea of what you want in a call instead of reading the prompt. And yeah, I guess I was just trying to make an 
assumption about what type of information you want to get for each field. Sorry. I don't know if there's something 
else. Oh, am I still sharing my screen? Oh, I think I am. That was strange. No, nothing else. Thank you for the 
work. Sounds like we're getting closer, so that's positive. Yeah, no, definitely. Yeah, I will try to deliver to 
you something next week or so. And also in the app now, we have the chat interface so people can select a company 
or a wedding venue and then they can have a further chat for that venue. That was what we discussed the previous 
time, right, in the previous meeting? Yeah, I mean, I think you… For me, the most important thing is like the 
spreadsheet output. Table output? Yeah, table output because I'll have to change it from how you have it set up 
with the Streamlit anyway. So I wouldn't worry too much about how it's shown in the Streamlit. I care more about 
how it's shown in the table output, I think. Because once I have the table output, then I can figure out how to 
represent it in a different website. Yeah, no, yeah, of course. Then I will try to get a good output for the 
spreadsheet or the table format. Yeah, and the chat interface is just quite simple. People just have a chat. Yeah, 
the chat interface, I'll just have to do that, I guess, separately. Yeah, you can do that indeed. I mean, if you 
want it in a proper web app or something, then yeah, I guess maybe a web app developer or something can do it quite
easily. Yeah, I don't think it's too hard. Just associate the PDF with that table entry and then once you want to 
chat with it, then it… So I don't think it's too difficult. Yeah, okay. Then… Yeah, I think we are getting closer. 
All right, appreciate it. Thank you so much for your work and good to chat with you. Yeah, and have a good day too.
Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Good night. Bye. Yeah, so apparently what you want for each field is quite
